# ID: 77b1a662a07b4f19b66c36b63b1e6c01
# Title: Multi-domain operation's viability as a future war concept of the Republic of Korea military: can it counter North Korean hybrid warfare?
# Database: Google Scholar
# Year: 2020.0
# Fulltext:
Hybrid warfare is a central theme of the North Korean regime's military strategy. It seeks to combine conventional and unconventional capabilities, backed by nuclear capabilities, to swiftly win an armed-conflict before substantial reinforcements can arrive in South Korea. Taking lessons from Hezbollah's hybrid warfare in Lebanon in 2006 and Russia's hybrid warfare in Ukraine in 2014, North Korea is likely to utilize hybrid warfare in future conflicts with increased complexity, due to its ties with Russia and Hezbollah, capabilities, and intention. Meanwhile, Multi-Domain Operations (MDO), the US Army's future war concept, seek to deter and defeat future adversaries such as Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea by optimizing combat power in multiple domains. This thesis examines if the MDO concept can be a viable future war concept for the ROK military in countering North Korean hybrid warfare. The thesis concludes that the MDO concept is both suitable and feasible, but not acceptable, mainly due to excessive budget demands, thus making it not fully viable; however, the ROK should continue pursuing the integration of operations across multiple domains. 
Meanwhile, Multi-Domain Operations (MDO), the US Army's future war concept, seek to deter and defeat future adversaries such as Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea by optimizing combat power in multiple domains. This thesis examines if the MDO concept can be a viable future war concept for the ROK military in countering North Korean hybrid warfare. The thesis concludes that the MDO concept is both suitable and feasible, but not acceptable, mainly due to excessive budget demands, thus making it not fully viable; however, the ROK should continue pursuing the integration of operations across multiple domains. v ACKNOWLEDGMENTS First, I would like to express my gratitude to my wife, Eunju Lee, for being extremely supportive while I wrote this thesis. She not only endured much without complaint, but also encouraged me to delve more deeply into the subject, so I could become more knowledgeable about the subject. Without her support, I could not have finished the work. I owe much of my accomplishment to her. I am also deeply thankful for my MMAS thesis committee, Mr. Joseph Donalbain, Dr. John Modinger, and LTC Michael Thorpe, for their consistent advice on the structure, logic, and direction of the thesis. They never hesitated to take significant portions of their time to discuss the thesis. I also would like to recognize the Art of War scholars, who, under the guidance of Dr. Dean Nowowiejski, the Ike Skelton Chair of the Command and General Staff College (CGSC), provided me with many insights on how the thesis could be better structured and revised. In 2006, Israel launched an attack into Lebanese territory. This event, later known as the Second Lebanon War, was in response to a few hostile actions executed by Hezbollah, including rocket fires into Israeli territory and the abduction of two Israeli soldiers. To counter the Israeli forces, Hezbollah used hybrid warfare, incorporating both conventional tactics, such as taking defensive positions with ground forces, and unconventional tactics, including insurgent and psychological tactics. With the international and domestic pressure to end the war, Israel signed an UN-mediated ceasefire agreement without a significant military defeat; Hezbollah seemingly achieved, in their term, "the Divine Victory" by utilizing hybrid warfare. 
Russia used hybrid warfare to achieve its political purpose-using a propaganda campaign to divide public opinions in Ukraine, drone technology to call for Multi Launching Rocket System (MLRS) fires, and cyber tactics to disturb Ukrainian information infrastructure-in addition to conventional tactics, such as dispatching Special Forces and mechanized units into Ukrainian territory1 F 2 . In the cases of Lebanon and Russia, one can see that hybrid warfare was the primary tool in achieving the nation's or the entity's political purpose.
Hybrid warfare, according to Sean Monaghan, a strategic analyst in the UK Ministry of Defense (MOD), is "the challenge presented by the increasing complexity of armed conflict, where adversaries may combine types of warfare plus nonmilitary means to neutralize conventional military power."2 F 3 The utility of using hybrid warfare, according to Monaghan, is revisionist actors and adversaries can offset strong conventional military states with an array of new, more cost-effective means to achieve their political goals, as seen in Lebanon in 2006 and in Ukraine in 2014.3 F 4 North Korea's central concept of war strategy is hybrid warfare, or Baehabjeon; and it would fit in the category of Monaghan's definition. The concept seeks to combine conventional and unconventional warfare to quickly overwhelm the South before US reinforcements arrive 3 in the South.4 F 5 Taking lessons from Russia and Hezbollah, North Korea is likely to utilize hybrid warfare in future conflicts with increased complexity, due to its ties to Russia and Hezbollah, capabilities, and intention. Evolving North Korean hybrid warfare will be a challenge for the ROK in preparing a future conflict. North Korea's Ties to Russia and Hezbollah North Korea's ties to Russia and Hezbollah increase the likelihood that North Korea would take lessons from their employment of hybrid warfare. It is widely known that North Korea has special ties to Russia. North Korea's military equipment, government organization, and ideology all have connections to the country. The former Soviet Union, of which Russia comprised the most substantial portion, designated Kim Il-Sung, the founding father of North Korea and ex-guerrilla commander who fought against Japan during the 1930s, to be the leader of the country following the brief trusteeship of the Soviet Union in North Korea after World War II.5 F 6 The Soviet Union also approved and supported Kim Il-Sung's plan to invade South Korea during the Korean War with provision of logistics, weapons, and military advisors to North Korea.
The former Soviet Union and Russia played the most influential role in establishing and modernizing the North Korean military.